**WEB3 INSIDER TRADING POLICY**

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 100%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT<br />
</strong>FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY, TO BE REMOVED BEFORE
SIGNING</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>This document was prepared by Buzko Krasnov
(“<strong>BK</strong>”) and issued to the general public for information
purposes only. You may use this document as a template to be adapted and
used to reflect your specific circumstances and needs.</p>
<p>Please always consult with your lawyer before using this document. BK
is not responsible or liable for any consequences of any person acting,
or refraining to act, in reliance on this document or for any decision
based on it, including anyone who received the information in this
document.</p>
<p>For more information about this document and its license, see our
GitHub: <a
href="https://github.com/BuzkoKrasnov/Web3_Team_Legal_Docs">https://github.com/BuzkoKrasnov/Web3_Team_Legal_Docs</a></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><a href="http://www.buzko.legal"><u>www.buzko.legal</u></a></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

1\. <u>Overview</u>. This Web3 Insider Trading Policy (“**Policy**”)
provides guidelines to help avoid trading in Digital Assets (as defined
below) on inside information in violation of applicable law and
regulation in \[`COMPANY NAME`\] and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
“**Company**”).

2\. <u>Covered Persons</u>. This Policy applies to all directors,
officers, and employees of the Company, as well to all contractors,
clients, and counterparties of the Company who have adhered to this
Policy separately in writing (collectively, “**Covered Persons**”).
Covered Persons include members of their immediate families and members
of their households.

3\. <u>Digital Assets</u>. This Policy applies to the trading of Bitcoin
(BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ether (ETH), Ether Classic (ETC), Litecoin
(LTC), or any other digital assets (collectively, the “**Digital
Assets**”).

4\. <u>Covered Transactions</u>. This Policy applies to all transactions
involving Digital Assets, which include acquisitions, purchases,
disposals, sales, short sales, derivatives, hedging, pre-arranged
trades, and any other forms of agreements, contracts, or transactions
that are intended to provide economic exposure to Digital Assets
(collectively, “**Covered Transactions**”).

5\. <u>Material Nonpublic Information</u>. It is not possible to define
all categories of material nonpublic information. However, information
should be regarded as “**Material Nonpublic Information**” concerning a
single or several Digital Assets if: (a) such information has not been
previously disclosed to the general public and is otherwise not
available to the general public, and (b) it is reasonably likely to be
considered meaningful to an investor in making an investment decision
regarding a transaction in a Digital Asset. While it may be difficult to
determine whether certain information is Material Nonpublic Information,
there are various categories of information that are particularly
sensitive and more likely to be Material Nonpublic Information. Examples
of such information may include:

-   an actual, pending, or contemplated Company Covered Transaction or
    series of Covered Transactions involving a Digital Asset,
    particularly where such transactions are of significant value;

-   issue of Digital Asset by the Company (“**Company Digital Asset**”)
    or any pending announcement regarding such issue;

-   partnership, association with, or entering an agreement between the
    Company and any exchange, on-ramp service, or any other company that
    may affect price of Digital Assets;

-   decision of the Company to discontinue development of a Company
    Digital Asset, or stop accepting, transacting with, or supporting
    any Digital Asset;

-   decision of the Company to develop a Company Digital Asset,
    including any software related to a Company Digital Asset when said
    software is reasonably expected to affect price of Company Digital
    Asset.

6\. <u>Compliance Officer</u>. The Company’s \[`POSITION`\] (“**Compliance
Officer**”) is responsible for the implementation of this Policy. Unless
otherwise stated, the Compliance Officer has authority to make all
decisions and determinations under this Policy.

7\. <u>Trading Restrictions</u>. The Covered Person must not engage in
any Covered Transactions (a) during the Non-Trading Period (as defined
below), and (b) while in possession of Material Nonpublic Information in
respect of the relevant Digital Assets.

8\. <u>Non-Trading Period</u>. A non-trading period is any time period
designated by the Compliance Officer during which Covered Persons may
not, as a general rule, engage in a transaction involving Digital Assets
(**“Non-Trading Period”**). The Compliance Officer will impose a
Non-Trading Period (a) whenever the Company is conducting a transaction
or series of transactions involving Digital Assets, (b) there is likely
to be Material Nonpublic Information as defined in Section 5, or (c) in
other circumstances at the discretion of the Compliance Officer.

The Compliance Officer will notify the Covered Persons affected by a
Non-Trading Period when the Non-Trading Period begins and ends. Those
affected will not disclose to others the existence of a Non-Trading
Period.

9\. <u>No Trading of Digital Assets When in Possession of Material
Nonpublic Information</u>

Regardless of Non-Trading Period, a Covered Person possessing Material
Nonpublic Information relating to a particular Digital Asset, will not
engage in any transaction involving such Digital Asset on the basis of
that information from the moment when a Covered Person becomes aware of
Material Nonpublic Information until the information is considered to
have been publicly disclosed, or in the absence of public disclosure,
when the information is no longer material. Material Nonpublic
Information is considered to have been publicly disclosed only after it
has been widely disseminated.

Subject to compliance with the terms of this Policy, Covered Persons may
transact in Digital Assets on a personal basis outside the scope of the
Non-Trading Period and while not relying on any Material Nonpublic
Information, except as provided by Section 13 of this Policy.

10\. <u>No Disclosure or Tipping of Material Nonpublic Information</u>.

If a Covered Person discloses or tips an outsider (**“Tippee”**), using
Material Nonpublic Information, and the Tippee undertakes a trade in
Digital Asset, both the Covered Person and the Tippee may be found
liable.

A Covered Person will not disclose (**“tip”**) all or any portion of
Material Nonpublic Information to any Tippee where such Material
Nonpublic Information may be used by a Tippee to profit by trading in a
transaction involving Digital Asset.

Material Nonpublic Information is confidential and proprietary to the
Company and the unauthorized disclosure of such information is
forbidden. Material Nonpublic Information may only be disclosed in
accordance with the Company’s policies or as otherwise authorized by the
Compliance Officer.

11\. <u>Adverse Conduct and Market Manipulation</u>. Covered Persons
will not act in a manner adverse to, or that has the appearance of being
adverse to, the interests of the Company in connection with any
transaction involving Digital Assets or otherwise engage in market
manipulation. Such prohibition includes, without limitation:

-   front running or other activities that are intended to deceive or
    mislead other market participants;

-   manipulating the price, value, or trading volume of Digital Asset or
    any instruments that provide economic exposure to Digital Asset; or

-   aiding, abetting, enabling, financing, supporting, or endorsing any
    of the foregoing.

12\. <u>Contractors</u>. This Policy applies to such third-party
contractors, clients, and counterparties of the Company, who have
accepted this Policy by entering a written agreement with the Company
that expressly refers to this Policy.

13\. <u>Individual Responsibility</u>. Each Covered Person has an
individual responsibility to comply with this Policy and applicable laws
against insider trading, regardless of whether a Non-Trading Period is
in place. Appropriate judgment should always be exercised in connection
with any transaction involving Digital Assets. At any time and from time
to time, a Covered Person may have to forego a proposed transaction
involving Digital Assets even if they planned to make the transaction
before learning of Material Nonpublic Information, and even though the
Covered Person may suffer an economic loss or forego anticipated profit
by waiting until the Non-Trading Period ends. Covered Persons must
cancel all stop-loss orders and other open or limit orders in Digital
Assets during Non-Trading Periods to avoid the possibility of
transactions that may violate applicable laws or this Policy.

14\. <u>Questions About this Policy</u>. If any questions arise with
respect to the application of this Policy, before you engage in a
transaction involving Digital Asset, ask a Compliance Officer.

15\. <u>Reporting Violations</u>. Covered Persons have an obligation to
report known or suspected violations of this Policy to the Compliance
Officer in an expeditious manner.

16\. <u>Consequences of Non-compliance with this Policy</u>. Covered
Persons who violate any portion of this Policy are subject to
disciplinary action by the Company, which may include termination of
employment depending on the circumstances as determined by the Company
in its discretion. Covered Persons may also be subject to criminal or
civil liability for violating applicable.
